---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---
## Midterm Progress
So in the first half of the semester, we learned about what is open source, the history of open source, and what part should an open source project include, such as the Code of Conduct and a License. And we also have some group work, my favorite one is the Browser Extension one. Because in this project, we finally released the extension to the Firefox marketplace and received ratings from other users. I am very happy and surprised that someone else is using our extension and give positive feedback. So it is not only a classwork by ourselves, now this extension can become a part of someone else's life. This makes me very proud of it.


<!--more-->

## Progress of My Group: Switching Projects
This week, we decided that probably we should switch to another project, p5.js. This is because after we reviewed a series of issues from scikit-learn, we realized that it was not that beginner friendly. It requires good understanding of Python and machine learning, and might be hard for us to make great progress. So our teammate Brad suggested that we can try p5.js, a javascript library for creating art on the website. It is used by artists, designers, and educators. Most of us have experience with javascript, and it is easy to start. We only took 10 minutes to set up the dev environment. As we checked the issues, some of then are coding issues, while there are also some translation errors, so we think this project is more beginner friendly for us, and we decides to change from scikit-learn to p5.js. 