---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---
## Reflect on Discussion about _The Cathedral and the Bazaar_
Before our discussion about _The Cathedral and the Bazaar_, my favorite one was "Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse).", and after the discussion, I added another one to my favorite lesson, "Release early. Release often. And listen to your customers." This one shares some similarities with the agile development model, we can move fast under this pattern and accept advice from clients or customers. A very similar quote to this one is "Treating your users as co-developers is your least-hassle route to rapid code improvement and effective debugging." So I think the critiques from users are much better than no comments.

<!--more-->

## Progress on Group Project
This Friday, we made a [PR](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/pull/6983) about the keyIsDown() feature. We spent around 3 hours that night and finally fixed the issue. Sadly, as one of the main maintainers Kenneth Lim [replied](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/pull/6983#issuecomment-2068130941) today, they are currently not looking for implementation of any of the 2.0 related proposals, as they still need to be agreed upon and approved before implementation. Also if we wish to submit a proof of concept, we should work against the dev-2.0 branch, not the main branch. However, when we checked the previous p5.js 2.0 implementation, there was one merged PR, and that one was merged on the main branch. So I think one challenge for this project is the maintainers are not that accessible. We made three [comments](https://github.com/processing/p5.js/issues/6798#issuecomment-2061831344) about the keyIsDown() issue in three weeks, we claimed that we want to work on this issue and asked for some doubtful points about this issue, but nobody replied :(. For individual challenges, I don't think I have encountered very huge challenges this week. 

For the final presentation, we will present on Apr 29 or May 1, and I think we should start to prepare for it now. So far we made 7 PRs (so far 1 merged), replied to 2 issues trying to help solve the problem, and created 2 issues. I think we are making good progress on this project so far :).