---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---
## Reflect on Presentation
This week is the Group Project Presentation week, I learned about many open source projects from other groups. I think the most interesting one is the Gitlab. They contributed to a different platform as all the other groups contributed to some projects on GitHub. So they gave us a different view about the open source community. Also, they switched their project in the very beginning when they realized that the first choice was not that good, just as what happened to our group. Spicetify is also an interesting one, they implemented an application on Spicetify, I love their implementation of UI, it's very attractive to me. Also, one group chose FreeCodeCamp, and it was impressive when I learned that FreeCodeCamp doesn't accept very large PRs, they want each PR to only make some small changes. Then I checked the github repo of FreeCodeCamp and found that they already have more than 36000 closed [PRs](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed). For such a complex project, I think this is a wise choice. I guess this is because the community wants to keep every change easy to track. If the website crashes after some merges, they can easily find the PR that causes the bug and revert it. 

<!--more-->

Also, our team made the presentation on Wednesday. I think we did a great job, we practiced it a lot before the presentation. For our contribution to the project p5.js, there were some great moments, the best one was when my PR for fixing a translation error was merged and I was added as a contributor for translation, also I still remember the excitement when we fixed the keyIsDown() error and finally made a PR after a 4-hour meeting. I am very happy to meet my teammates, and I think p5.js is an interesting project, I will definitely contribute to some other open source projects after the end of this class, probably I will choose GitLab because the presentation of GitLab impressed me a lot.