---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---
# Thoughts of Origin of Open Source
I think that the origin of open source is interesting. In some ways, such a great movement was triggered by an annoying printer. Start from Richard Stallman, then pushed by different individuals, such as Linus Torvalds, and Tim Berners-Lee, now we can enjoy the fruit of open source. I think every individual who ever worked or still works in an open source project should be respected and praised because running or maintaining an open source project takes a lot of time and effort. For instance, a very useful open source project for me is [Summer2024-Internships](https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2024-Internships), it is a collection of summer internships for 2024, we can find a new job and post it on the list, and we don't need to search for new internships around LinkedIn, Indeed, Handshake... This is maintained and updated by thousands of individuals, I really appreciate them, they really save me dozens of hours.

<!--more-->

## Progress of My Group
This Wednesday, I first met with my teammates. For now, we wanted to choose [scikit-learn](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn) or some similar Python projects. This is because we don't have much overlap in our familiar programming languages, and Python is one of them. Also, this is a popular and active open source project, now it has over 1600 issues, and more than 200 of them are Documentation, there are also a bunch of easy and good first issues, so this project seems like a good one for our group to start.