---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---
# Open Source: Food Computer
## Food Computer
I watched the Food Computer video this week, and I am impressed by the combination of computer science and agriculture. I know some examples of IoT, but most of them are in the city, and through this video I learned more about the usage of computer science in agriculture. Also, in the Farming for the Future video, developers from different places work together and share their ideas, they can discuss the difficulties and share their solutions through open source technology. The open source platform can be a great place to share and discuss the ideas. 
I think as a computer scientist, we can develop the technology and lower the cost of them to customers. As in the video it mentioned that a set of food computer may cost millions of dollar because sensors are expensive. If we can optimize the technology in these areas, I think the food computer can be used more widely. 

<!--more-->

## Small Contributions
For my small contributions, I found an invalid link in our class website, so I opened an issue for this on the website repository, and someone in class found a substitute link for it. Besides, I also found an issue in an open source project called [Summer2024-Internships](https://github.com/SimplifyJobs/Summer2024-Internships), a collection of the internships for this summer. Also, before this semester, I found browser plugin called [LeetCodeRating](https://github.com/zhang-wangz/LeetCodeRating/tree/english) and I maintained the English version of it. 

I think the biggest challenges is, sometimes you need to read the code from other developers, and if there is not a clear code standards, it is really hard to understand their code. I think the time to maintain some poorly written code is much more than the time to write them :(.

The most proud moment is when I noticed one of my classmate was using the plugin, and he told me that he loves it. I am very proud of this because I feel like I made my contribution to the open source community, and my code is running in someone's computer to provide convenience to their life and study.
The most proud moment is when I noticed one of my classmate was using the plugin, and he told me that he loves it. I am very proud of this because I feel like I made my contribution to the open source community, and my code is running in someone's computer to provide convenience to their life and study.