---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---
## Reflect on Class Discussion
From our discussion about Open Source in other areas, it's happy to learn that Open Source is also used in many other industries. Such as Open Source Cola provides non-commercial recipes of cola, and Open Source Film provides films that meet the open sources and free cultural licenses so anyone can view, edit, and recreate from these resources. But the most interesting and impressive one is the Open Source 3D Printer, this project allows users to print items on their own, so you can even print components for another 3D printer. Open Source is not only used in the software industry, it is also widely used in different aspects of our life. 

<!--more-->

## Progress on Group Project
This week, we had three more PRs merged, one maintainer finally came back, reviewed our PRs, and merged them. Our progress this week is mainly creating the slides for the presentation, and making updates on our previous PRs based on the suggestions from reviewers. So we have 4 merged PRs till now and another 2 or 3 PRs are waiting for review and discussion. Sadly, the PR we made as a group last week for p5.js 2.0 probably will not be merged by the end of the semester, since it is about 2.0 and some more details are still uncertain, and they are pending for discussion for the maintainer team. But since I made this p5.js 2.0 PR from my account, I will still work on this for any further updates during the summer break. Hope the p5.js team will go back to discuss this issue soon!